Ory-specific GitHub action for conventional commits (#94)
ory/ci: conventional_commits/README.md

# Conventional Commits GitHub Action

This [GitHub Action](https://github.com/features/actions) wraps
[amannn/action-semantic-pull-request](https://github.com/amannn/action-semantic-pull-request)
with Ory-specific defaults and an ability for customization.

### Usage

This action is automatically installed into your Ory repo as
`.github/workflows/conventional_commits.yml` through
https://github.com/ory/meta/blob/master/templates/repository/common/.github/workflows/conventional_commits.yml.

> If your repo does not contain this file, please contact **@aeneasr**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your repo does not contain this file, please [add it to the list of repos](https://github.com/ory/meta/blob/master/.github/workflows/sync.yml).
```

Reviewer 2: 🙏 :D
